### This is a markdown document which consist details dataset of the Air Quality Survey of Minneoplis. 

### Name of the Data Set
**_Air Quality Survey_**

## Interesting Aspect in the Data Set.

Through this air quality survey government of minneopolise and peoples gain a greater understanding of air quality. In terms of which is the best place for work, play and live. Also gaining in depth understanding of pollutants and their potential sources at a local level . Also this survey helps to compare air quality results to health risks.The results will help prioritize how to and where to spend time and resources through this survey.
 
## Description.

> This Air Quality Survey dataset contain 4791 Rows and 17 Columns.

Air quality is an important priority for the city, especially for sensitive groups such as the children, elders and those who are suffering with serious issue like respiratory and cardiac problems. Survey consist air quality sample, VOCs, HRV, CAS and Concentration of a chemical that is likely to become risky or no risk to human health. Each air sample is collected for 72 hours (three days).Approximately 100 collection canisters are placed citywide at the same time for each air collection event. Canisters are placed on residential, commercial, Park Board and City property.To make this possible residential volunteers are playing essential role of this study and to collect the samples.

   > Acronym used for Air Quality Survey
        HRV : Health Risk Value is defined as the concentration of a chemical that is likely to pose little or no risk to human health.
        CAS : Chemical Abstracts Service
        VOCs: Volatile Organic Compounds

 For more detials : Go through this website and also you can find here strong relation between Air pollution and Health Risk link : https://www3.epa.gov/ttn/atw/3_90_022.html
 

## This file contains CSV (Comma-Separated Values) text files.
   
##  Some of the sample headers
   
ObjectID	Date	Sample_ID	Parameter	           Results	Units	CAS	      HRV	Units1	HRV_Types	Name	                            Description  Address                        
           1	13-Nov	0005Nov13	1,2,4-Trimethylbenzene	1.4	    ug/m3	95-63-6	125000	ug/m3	REL	        Smyth Companies LLC - Minneapolis NE	business	2300 26th St E
           2	13-Nov	0005Nov13	2-Propanol	            87.6	ug/m3	67-63-0	980000	ug/m3	REL	        Smyth Companies LLC - Minneapolis NE	business	2300 26th St E
           3	13-Nov	0005Nov13	Acetone	                8.4	    ug/m3	67-64-1	590000	ug/m3	REL	        Smyth Companies LLC - Minneapolis NE	business	2300 26th St E


## LICENSE OR TERMS OF USE
This data is released under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license.  For more information, please see [LICENSE](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
    
 
##  Potential data users and decision-makers for this data. 

 In order to keep high priorities of cleaning air. Firstly, the Public as well city officials can use data to analyze and also get reference to take corrective and preventive action to maintain clean air in the city. Secandly, Environment scientist and reseacher for academic purpose and health studies.
    

##  Three question this data might help to answer.
   
   1. What do you think are the main causes of air pollution in your city through this survey?
   2. How would you rate the overall air quality in your city now compared in between 2013 November to August 2015?
   3. Which of the area or location are more risky to spend time for work, play and live ?
 

## Refrence
   Air Quality Survey(2015)  Minneopolis Air Quality Survey [Data file]. Available from  Web site: http://opendata.minneapolismn.gov/datasets/air-quality-survey
